feat: Support blackhole, prohibit and unreachable route types (#662)
linux-system-roles/network: README.md

  Static route configuration can be specified via a list of routes given in the
  `route` option. The default value is an empty list. Each route is a dictionary with
  the following entries: `network`, `prefix`, `gateway`, `metric`, `table` and
  `route_type`. `network` and `prefix` specify the destination network. `table`
  supports both the numeric table and named table. In order to specify the named
  table, the users have to ensure the named table is properly defined in
  `/etc/iproute2/rt_tables` or `/etc/iproute2/rt_tables.d/*.conf`. And the supported
  `route_type` are `blackhole`, `prohibit`, `unreachable` and these `route_type` routes

>   can not have next hop (gateway) specified. Note that Classless inter-domain routing

Reviewer: Please re-rephrase this to not start a new sentence with "and". The documentation needs to clarify that it is also possible not to specify a route_type. Also, it seems that it should be called just "type" instead of "route_type", since it is already clear that the properties are about routes. It would also be nice to link to the type definitions at ip-route here - or some other good source.

Author: I re-phrased the text and attached the link for the iproute man page.

>   Static route configuration can be specified via a list of routes given in the

Reviewer: regarding the commit message, seems the title can be simplified as:

"feat: Support blackhole, prohibit and unreachable route types"

I am pretty sure the "types" needs to be plural.

Regarding the details in the commit message, it is missing that this is only for the nm provider using network_connections. Is it already supported via network_state, then it could mention this as well. The detailed explanations for the different types are hard to understand. I am not convinced that it needs to be in that detail as well. If you want that detail, please make it easier to understand. Otherwise the key message is that the types are useful in BGP setups which could be enough.

If we have a Jira ticket for this, maybe it is also good practice to mention it as resolves.

  `route` option. The default value is an empty list. Each route is a dictionary with
  the following entries: `gateway`, `metric`, `network`, `prefix`, `table` and `type`.
  `network` and `prefix` specify the destination network. `table` supports both the
  numeric table and named table. In order to specify the named table, the users have to
  ensure the named table is properly defined in `/etc/iproute2/rt_tables` or
  `/etc/iproute2/rt_tables.d/*.conf`. The optional `type` key supports the values

>   `blackhole`, `prohibit`, and `unreachable`, see [man 8 ip-route](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man8/ip-route.8.html#DESCRIPTION)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `blackhole`, `prohibit`, and `unreachable`.
  See [man 8 ip-route](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man8/ip-route.8.html#DESCRIPTION)
```

>   `/etc/iproute2/rt_tables.d/*.conf`. The supported `type` are `blackhole`, `prohibit`,
>   `unreachable` and these three type routes can not have next hop (gateway) specified.
>   It is possible to create a route without `type` specified. For the route `type`
>   definition, please refer to [man 8 ip-route](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man8/ip-route.8.html#DESCRIPTION).
>   Note that Classless inter-domain routing(CIDR) notation or network mask notation are
>   not supported yet.

Reviewer: The text does not flow. Here is another proposal:

```suggestion
  `/etc/iproute2/rt_tables.d/*.conf`. The optional `type` key supports the values `blackhole`, `prohibit`,
  and `unreachable`, see [man 8 ip-route](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man8/ip-route.8.html#DESCRIPTION) for their definition. Routes with these types do not support a gateway. If the type is not specified, the route is considered a unicast route.
  
 Note that the classless inter-domain routing(CIDR) notation or the network mask notation are
  not supported for the `network` key.
```

Is the statement regarding unicast routes correct?
Please

Author: I think that the statement regarding the unicast route is correct.

Reviewer: I do not see a reaction to my proposal, therefore I unresolved this conversation.

Author: Sorry, I forgot to push the changes last night.

Author: Your proposal looks quite nice to me, Thanks.
